gitignore in docs (#57)
returntocorp/bento: README.md

bento init
```

> and add some of the artifacts bento produces to your .gitignore file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and add Bento's artifacts to your .gitignore file:
```

Author: this isn't all artifacts. we want people to know .bento.yml .bento-whitelist.yml should be checked in.
